{"create": {"_index": "game_of_thrones","_type": "character","_id": "Tyrion Lannister"}}
{"house": "Lannister","gender": "male","age":30,"biography": "Nicknamed The Imp or Halfman, Tyrion Lannister is the younger brother of Cersei and Jaime Lannister. He is a dwarf; and his mother died during his birth, for which his father, Tywin Lannister, blames him. While not physically powerful, Tyrion has a cunning mind and often uses to his advantage the fact that others constantly underestimate him. Initially, Tyrion bears the Starks no ill will, but after being wrongly captured and put on trial for the crime of murdering Jon Arryn and conspiring to kill Bran Stark, both of which he had no hand in or knowledge of, his ire toward Lady Catelyn prompts him to join his father's war against the Starks. At the end of the Lannister army's first loss against Robb Stark's army, after Jaime Lannister is captured, they learn that King Joffrey has killed Ned Stark against their wishes and Robert's brothers are challenging Joffrey's claim to the throne. To ensure that someone trusted controls Joffrey while he deals with the war effort, Tywin sends Tyrion to rule in his stead as Hand of the King, finally taking notice of his lesser son's cunning intellect. He arrives in King's Landing and immediately enters a bitter power struggle with Cersei and Joffrey, methodically removing the Queen's supporters from positions of power. With his small army of hill tribesmen and his mercenary friend Bronn leading the City Watch, he becomes one of the most powerful men in the city. Before Stannis' fleet arrives at King's Landing, Tyrion prepares the attack by stockpiling large quantities of Wild Fire, putting it all in a single ship, and sending it towards Stannis' fleet. Bronn detonates the Wild Fire, causing a giant explosion and destroying half of Stannis' forces. When the city's defenders morale drops after Joffrey abandons them, Tyrion rallies the men and leads a surprise counterattack against the besiegers. During the battle, he is betrayed and nearly killed by a member of the Kingsguard under the orders of Joffrey, but he is saved by his squire Podrick Payne. When he wakes up after the battle is over, Tyrion learns that his father Tywin has taken over as Hand of the King and stripped his son of all power and all the allies he had gained. Furthermore, Tyrion's role in helping defend King's Landing is completely discounted for. Despite this setback and his lover Shae's telling him to leave Westeros, Tyrion still wants to stay, since he has finally found something he both excels at and enjoys—out-talking and out-thinking his less than noble family members. In Season Three, Tyrion is given the job of Master of Coin, a role that he is unprepared and inexperienced for. Tyrion is commanded by his father to marry Sansa Stark; however, on the wedding night, Tyrion refuses to consummate his marriage and instead lets Sansa sleep alone, promising not to touch her unless she wanted him to. The death of her brother Robb, in which Tyrion took no part, causes a further rift between the couple and between Tyrion and his father, who he claims can't distinguish between his interests and his often-praised ideal of devotion to family. Tywin bitterly claims that he had wanted to drown Tyrion upon birth, but stayed himself for the sake of duty. In season 4, Tyrion welcomes Prince Oberyn Martell of Dorne to King's Landing for Joffrey's wedding to Margaery Tyrell, though Oberyn implies to Tyrion that his true purpose is to seek vengeance for his sister, who was murdered by Ser Gregor Clegane on Tywin's orders. When Joffrey is fatally poisoned, Tyrion is framed and arrested, though several people, such as Jaime, Bronn and Sansa, do not believe he committed the crime (Olenna Tyrell, Petyr Baelish and Dontos Hollard were responsible). Tyrion, however, implies that Cersei knows of his innocence and just wants him dead. At Tyrion's trial, several witnesses give either incomplete or false testimonies which seem to bolster the case against Tyrion. Tyrion finally loses his temper and lashes out at the entire court, wishing that he had killed Joffrey and left them all to die when Stannis attacked, and demands a trial by combat. When Jaime and Bronn prove unavailable, Tyrion is approached by Oberyn, who volunteers to be his champion in order to fight Cersei's champion, Ser Gregor Clegane. When Oberyn loses the fight and is killed, Tyrion is sentenced to death. Jaime, however, frees Tyrion and arranges for him to escape King's Landing. Tyrion goes to confront Tywin in his chambers but finds Shae, who testified against him and is now Tywin's lover. After a brief struggle, Tyrion strangles Shae to death, and finds Tywin in a privy. The two share a tense conversation, in which Tywin insults Shae once too many times, and Tyrion shoots Tywin to death with Joffrey's crossbow. Tyrion is then placed in a crate and smuggled off to Essos with help from Varys. They arrive in Pentos, where Varys manages to convince Tyrion to travel with him to Meereen and aid Daenerys Targaryen in retaking the Iron Throne. Travelling to Volantis, Tyrion and Varys discuss the former's brief tenure as Hand of the King. Tyrion laments not leaving King's Landing with Shae when he had the chance, but tells Varys that he enjoyed serving as Hand. Tyrion is bound and gagged by Jorah Mormont, who says that he will take him to the queen. He ends up in a sailboat with Jorah, whose identity Tyrion quickly deduces when he tells Tyrion that he is taking him to Daenerys, not Cersei. The journey goes relatively smoothly, until Jorah decides to avoid pirates by sailing straight through the ruins of Valyria, which is overrun with people (known as stone men) who have a deadly condition known as greyscale, which Stannis' daughter Shireen also has. Tyrion and Jorah are soon attacked by stone men, and the pair struggle to defend themselves. Tyrion is grabbed by one of the stone men and dragged underwater, losing consciousness. When Tyrion wakes up, he finds himself out of harm's way on a beach, as Jorah caught him and swam to safety. As the stone men did not touch Tyrion's bare skin, he is not affected by the disease; however, Jorah is not so lucky. Jorah tells Tyrion that the two will walk to Meereen, During the walk, Jorah tells Tyrion why he serves Daenerys, which makes him eager to meet her. En route, however, they are captured by slavers, who sell Jorah off to a man named Yezzan mo Qaggaz, who oversees the training for the gladiatorial match in the fighting pits which Daenerys has recently reopened. Tyrion also manages to get himself sold to Yezzan as well by beating up his guard. Tyrion and Jorah are taken to a pit, where they wait their turn to fight. Coincidentally, Daenerys visits this particular fighting pit while Tyrion and Jorah are there. When Jorah hears of Daenerys' presence, he runs out to fight without waiting his turn. All of the other combatants run out as well, leaving Tyrion alone inside the waiting room. Since Tyrion is the only one chained up, he frantically begins sawing at his chain. An unnamed guard snaps Tyrion's chain, and he runs out to find that Jorah has defeated all of his competitors and has unveiled himself to Daenerys. She is not happy to see him, however, and orders him out of her sight. He tells her that he has brought her a gift, and Tyrion appears, telling a stunned Daenerys of his identity. Daenerys takes them both to her home in the Great Pyramid of Meereen and asks Tyrion why he is here. Tyrion tells her everything, including Varys' plan. As a test, Daenerys asks Tyrion what to do with Jorah. Tyrion tells her that though it would be wrong to kill Jorah, as killing those who love you does not inspire devotion, it would also not be wise to keep him around, as he has betrayed her. Daenerys subsequently banishes Jorah again, and takes Tyrion on as her advisor. He initially counsels her to stay in Meereen, but Daenerys makes it plain to him that her eyes are still on Westeros. Tyrion tells Daenerys how hard it will be to win the love of both the common people and the nobles. He later joins her at the opening celebrations of Daznak's Pit, where Jorah unexpectedly reappears to defeat every other foe on the arena. As the Sons of the Harpy attack, Tyrion manages to survive by fleeing to the midst of the arena, where they are rescued by Drogon, while Daenerys is spirited away on his back. He confers with Daario, Jorah and Grey Worm, who agree that Tyrion should stay behind with the latter to rule Meereen, being the only one with the experience required. Varys reappears, wishing him good fortune as their predicament in the absence of Daenerys seems increasingly complicated.","tags": ["imp","lannister","dead mother"]}
{"create": {"_index": "game_of_thrones","_type": "character","_id": "Jaime Lannister"}}
{"house": "Lannister","gender": "male","age":34,"biography": "Ser Jaime Lannister is a member of the Kingsguard and an exceptionally skilled swordsman. He is the Queen's twin brother and has carried on an incestuous love affair with her all his life, fathering all three of her living children. He truly does love his sister and will do anything, no matter how rash, to stay close to her. He is nicknamed Kingslayer for killing the previous King, Aerys II, whom he was sworn to protect. He was allowed to keep his post in the current Kingsguard as he and his influential father helped Robert win the war, but no one feels he deserves this post, which frustrates Jaime. Despite Eddard Stark's animosity against him for forsaking his oath to protect the King during Robert's Rebellion, Jaime has great respect for Eddard, whom he considers a great warrior and his equal. Unlike his father and sister, Jaime cares deeply about his younger brother Tyrion. When Tyrion is arrested by Catelyn, Jaime confronts Eddard and duels him, much to Jaime's joy. But to his displeasure, one of his men interferes with the fight by spearing Eddard, whereupon Jaime punches the man and lets Eddard live. Jaime later joins his father's campaign in the Riverlands as a revenge for Catelyn's actions by leading an army. However, his army is ambushed by Robb's army and Jaime is made prisoner of the Starks. Despite his capture, Cersei names him Lord Commander of the Kingsguard after Barristan Selmy is dismissed. In Season 2, Catelyn releases and sends Jaime to King's Landing under Brienne of Tarth's watch in exchange for a pledge to send her daughters home. On the journey, they are captured by the violent Locke, a man-at-arms under Roose Bolton, a Northern Lord. On their way to Harrenhal, now held by Bolton, the lowborn Locke cuts off Jaime's sword hand to taunt his position and privilege. Jaime survives and is allowed to depart Harrenhal on condition that he acquits Bolton from any guilt (unbeknownst to him, Bolton had conspired with Tywin and Walder Frey to assassinate Robb Stark, an alliance put in jeopardy by Locke's actions). During his time in Harrenhal, Jaime reveals to Brienne on why he killed King Aerys II; Aerys planned to burn King's Landing by igniting a large stock of Wildfire hidden under the city to ensure its destruction; Jaime killed the King to prevent the Wildfire plot and didn't tell Ned Stark the truth, knowing he wouldn't listen to an oathbreaker. After Bolton's departure, Jaime returns to Harrenhal just in time to save Brienne from Locke, who intended to feed her to his bear rather than accept her father's offer for a ransom. Locke reluctantly allows them to leave rather than kill Jaime as well, knowing it would earn him the enmity of Boltons as well as Lannisters. Jaime travels to King's Landing with Brienne and disgraced Maester Qyburn, given by Bolton to tend to his injury, in tow. At the end of Season 3, they arrive at the gates and Jaime reunites with Cersei, who is visibly shocked at his missing hand. In season 4, Jaime is fitted with a golden prosthetic hand and given a new sword, and is trained by Bronn in fencing with his left hand. He is present at the royal wedding that results in Joffrey's death (which Tyrion is arrested for), as well as the funeral. Jaime is one of the few people in King's Landing who believe in Tyrion's innocence, and does his best to comfort his younger brother, while outright refusing Cersei's order to kill Tyrion before his trial. At the trial, Jaime is visibly uncomfortable at the lies the witnesses are telling and confronts Tywin. In desperation, Jaime agrees to step down from the Kingsguard and serve as Tywin's heir if he spares Tyrion and exiles him to the Night's Watch instead of executing him. When Tyrion is sentenced to death, Jaime frees Tyrion from captivity and arranges for him to be smuggled to Essos with Varys's help, bidding his little brother farewell with a hug. This leads to Tywin's murder at Tyrion's hands, for which Cersei holds Jaime partly responsible. Jaime pays his respects at Tywin's funeral. Jaime and Cersei receive a message from Dorne: a small viper statue with a necklace in its fangs. Cersei tells Jaime that the necklace belongs to their daughter, Myrcella, who was sent to Dorne by Tyrion. Jaime tells Cersei that he will travel to Dorne and bring Myrcella back. He travels to meet with Bronn, who has gone to Castle Stokeworth with Lollys, his fiancée. Jaime gives Bronn a letter telling him that he will not be wed to Lollys. When Bronn reminds him of the deal he had with Cersei, Jaime tells him that, should he agree to help rescue Myrcella, he will instead be wed to a woman of higher standing, with a larger castle. The two head south on a ship. Upon arriving in Dorne, the two are almost instantly attacked by a group of Dornishmen. Jaime and Bronn defeat them and take their horses and clothing. They then go to the Water Gardens, where they surprise Myrcella and her betrothed, Trystane Martell. They are soon attacked by Oberyn Martell's bastard daughters, the Sand Snakes. Before any serious damage can be done, Prince Doran Martell's guard Areo Hotah halts the fighting. Jaime is placed in a luxurious cell, where he attempts to talk to Myrcella. Myrcella says that she likes it in Dorne and doesn't want to go back to King's Landing. However, she eventually leaves with her uncle and Trystane, after Doran bargains to have his son take his seat on the Small Council. On the journey home, Jaime reveals his incestuous relationship to Cersei to their daughter, who then reveals she knows and is glad that Jaime is her father and hugs him, but moments later Myrcella collapses from poison and dies.","tags": ["lannister","king slayer","golden hand","ser","blond"]}
{"create": {"_index": "game_of_thrones","_type": "character","_id": "Cersei Lannister"}}
{"house": "Lannister","gender": "female","age":34,"biography": "Cersei Lannister, Queen of the Seven Kingdoms of Westeros, is the wife of King Robert Baratheon. Her father arranged the marriage when she was a teenager, initiating himself as a political counselor for King Robert. The Lannisters are the richest family in Westeros,[31] which is why Robert was interested in a marriage between them. Cersei has a twin brother, Jaime, with whom she has been involved in an incestuous affair from early childhood. All three of Cersei's children are Jaime's.[31] Cersei's main character attribute is her desire for power and her deep loyalty to her father, children, and brother Jaime. Cersei learns that her husband Robert is in danger of finding out that the children he sees as his heirs to the throne are not his. Robert meets his end as the result of a boar attack on a hunting trip, before Ned Stark tells him of the truth about his children. Cersei works quickly to instate her oldest son, Joffrey, on the throne, with her as his chief political advisor and Queen Regent.[32] Joffrey quits listening to his mother, and by the beginning of the second season her father decides Cersei does not exercise enough control over her son, and her father sends his youngest son Tyrion as an additional political advisor. Cersei and Tyrion do not get along, and constantly try to undermine each other's authority over the crown. As of the end of season 2, Tyrion has accumulated more sway over the Iron Throne, and has shipped Cersei's only daughter off against Cersei's will to be married to the prince of Dorne. In season 3, she takes pleasure in Tyrion's diminished position and taunts him for being forced into a marriage pact with Sansa Stark, only to be told by her father that he intends to marry her to Loras Tyrell. At the end of the season, the two siblings ponder at their respective marriages, and Cersei reunites with Jaime in her bedchamber as he unexpectedly returns from captivity. In season 4, she has Tyrion arrested after Joffrey is fatally poisoned. It is implied that she knows Tyrion's guilt is highly unlikely, but just wants to see him dead, though Jaime refuses to carry out the order.[33] Indeed, at Tyrion's trial, it is obvious that Cersei has manipulated the entire procedure so that the only witnesses (herself, Lord Varys, Meryn Trant, Grand Maester Pycelle and Shae) give either incomplete or entirely false testimonies to implicate Tyrion and Sansa further in the murder. When Tyrion demands a trial by combat, Cersei quickly chooses Ser Gregor The Mountain Clegane as her champion to diminish Tyrion's chances of acquittal, and has Bronn betrothed to a noblewoman so that Tyrion cannot choose him as his champion. Cersei's wish comes true when Tyrion's champion, Oberyn Martell, is killed by Clegane, but she still refuses to marry Loras, even threatening her father with revealing the truth about her relationship with Jaime and the parentage of her children. Tywin rebuffs her threats, though he himself is killed by an escaping Tyrion soon afterwards. Cersei attends Tywin's funeral and later orders a bounty on Tyrion's head. Cersei and Jaime receive a message from Dorne: a small viper statue with a necklace in its fangs. Cersei tells Jaime that the necklace belongs to their daughter, Myrcella, who was sent to Dorne by Tyrion. Jaime tells Cersei that he will travel to Dorne and bring Myrcella back. Cersei meets with two hunters who have brought her a severed head, though she is disappointed to find that it is not Tyrion's head. Qyburn lays claim to the head for his research and the two walk to a small council meeting. With the office of Hand of the King vacant, Cersei tells the council that she will stand in temporarily until Tommen chooses a new Hand. She appoints Mace Tyrell as the new Master of Coin and Qyburn as the new Master of Whisperers. When Cersei tries to appoint her uncle Kevan as the Master of War, he declines, telling her that as the queen mother she holds no power, and has no interest in serving in a council filled with her sycophants. In defiance of Cersei's orders, Kevan states that he will return to Casterly Rock until he hears direct word from Tommen that he is required. Tommen soon weds Margaery Tyrell. Under Margaery's influence, Tommen drops hints that he would like Cersei to return to Casterly Rock, but she refuses, and confronts Margaery, who insults her. Cersei catches the High Septon being punished for entering a brothel by her cousin Lancel, who has become a member of the Faith Militant, an extremist group that worships the Seven. Cersei talks to their leader, the High Sparrow, and instates him as the new High Septon. The Faith Militant then aggressively puncture all barrels of wine and trash Petyr Baelish's brothel. They also arrest Margaery's brother Loras on the grounds of his homosexuality. Tommen, at Margaery's insistance, tries to get Cersei to release Loras, but Cersei swears she had nothing to do with it, After a trial, Loras is arrested after a prostitute named Olyvar testifies against Loras. Margaery is also arrested for lying about Loras' sexual orientation, and both are put in dungeons. All of this delights Cersei, who goes to see Margaery in her cell and brings her a bowl of venison stew. Cersei has one final talk with the High Sparrow about the accomplishments of the pair, but he soon reveals that Lancel has confessed everything (in Season 1, Cersei had sex with him in Jaime's absence). Cersei is subsequently arrested for adultery, incest, and murder (it was her plan to get Robert drunk so that he would injure himself while hunting). She is only visited in her cell by Qyburn, who tells her that Grand Maester Pycelle has seized power of the throne, and that Kevan is serving as hand of the king. Cersei is distraught to learn that Tommen, anguished over his wife's and mother's arrests, has not been eating. Cersei is also visited by a septa, who orders her to confess to her sins. Cersei refuses, and she is hit by the septa. Weakened, Cersei is forced to lick the water off the floors of the cell. She eventually agrees to reveal herself to the High Septon, confessing her incestuous relationship to Lancel Lannister but refusing to admit more serious offences, which would be harder for the Faith to prove. The High Sparrow allows her to leave captivity in favor of house arrest in the Red Keep, pending the trial, but only if she agrees to do atonement for her sins by being shaved and walking naked through the streets of King's Landing. Cersei endures the walk with great resolve, bleeding and covered in filth as she eventually reaches the Keep, where she reunites with her uncle Kevan, now Hand of the King, and Qyburn, who introduces her to the newest member of the Kingsguard, a freakishly large, silent giant implied to be the reanimated corpse of Gregor Clegane.","tags": ["lannister","queen","baratheon","shame"]}
{"create": {"_index": "game_of_thrones","_type": "character","_id": "Daenerys Targaryen"}}
{"house": "Targaryen","gender": "female","age":18,"biography": "Daenerys Targaryen is the exiled princess of the Targaryen dynasty. Also called the Stormborn, she and her brother Viserys were smuggled to Essos during the end of Robert's Rebellion. For seventeen years, she has been under Viserys' care whom she fears, as he is abusive to her whenever she displeases him. In exchange for an army, Viserys marries her to the powerful Dothraki warlord Khal Drogo, making her a Khaleesi, a queen of the Dothraki. Daenerys is at first afraid of her new husband but after learning the Dothraki language, she manages to get past their barriers. She begins to understand him and genuinely falls in love with him after learning Drogo is a smart leader and a kind man. After embracing the Dothraki culture, she becomes stronger and rebels against her brother. She later becomes pregnant with Drogo's son who is prophesied by the Dothraki to be the Stallion Who Mounts the World. After her brother's death and an assassination attempt by Robert Baratheon, Drogo vows to Daenerys that he will conquer the Seven Kingdoms for her and their unborn son. However, during their journey Drogo suffers from blood poisoning due to an infected wound incurred during a fight with a Dothraki tribesman. Daenerys is forced to seek the help of healer Mirri Maz Duur to save his life using blood magic. Mirri tricks Daenerys by using her unborn son's life as a sacrifice to heal Drogo, leaving him in a permanent catatonic state, and forcing Daenerys to end her husband's life. Losing both her husband and son, Daenerys punishes Mirri by having her burnt at the stake. She also lays the three dragon eggs she received as a wedding gift onto Khal Drogo's body and steps into the fire herself. At the end of the night, after the fire is burned down, only the Khaleesi and three baby dragons, named Drogon, Rhaegal, and Viserion, remain. Taking them with her, Daenerys and what is left of her husband's tribe must find a way to gather new allies to protect themselves and reclaim the Iron Throne. She becomes the first female Dothraki leader. In Season 2, she is lost in the Red Waste, a stretch of barren land. She and her khalasar eventually make it to Qarth, where the nobles are more interested in her dragons than her conquest of Westeros. While in the city, her dragons are stolen by Pyat Pree, and she must visit the House of the Undying in order to get them back. She does so, killing Pyat Pree and releasing the dragons. In the second season's finale, she imprisons her host Xaro Xoan Daxos for his role in helping Pyat Pree and has her horde loot as much as they can from Xaro's mansion in order to buy a ship. Daenerys travels from Qarth to Astapor, a city in Slaver's Bay, where she negotiates the purchase of elite eunuch soldiers called the Unsullied. She also meets the famed knight Ser Barristan Selmy, and accepts him into her queensguard. On her departure from the city, she frees the slaves and has Drogon torch its elders. By the end of Season 3, although her power has not yet been tested, she has acquired the firm loyalty of tens of thousands of freed slaves from Astapor and Yunkai, her remaining Dothraki brethren (and two former Westerosi soldiers whom she encountered through the Dothraki, who advise her) 2,000 'Second Sons' cavalrymen, 8,000 'Unsullied' elite infantry, and three rapidly growing dragons. The stay in Slaver's Bay has made her question her motives, however, and she takes up the cause of ending slavery as well, donning the honorific Breaker of Chains as the slaves hold her to the sky, praising her as their Mhysa, or Mother. Daenerys later frees the slaves from Meereen, the last of the slave cities in Slaver's Bay, but realizes that she is slowly losing control of her dragons, especially when Drogon shows signs of aggression towards her when she tries to break up a fight between them over food. Aware that she does not have enough men to conquer Westeros just yet, Daenerys resolves to remain in Slaver's Bay and rule as Queen for the time being. She eventually learns of Jorah's original purpose, which was to spy on her for Robert Baratheon, and orders him to leave Meereen on threat of execution. After she receives too many complaints about her dragons, Daenerys, locks Rhaegal and Viserion of them in the catacombs beneath Meereen before searching for Drogon. Meanwhile, Daenerys faces a new threat to her rule in the form of the Sons of the Harpy, a resistance movement against her and the Unsullied. She considers freeing her dragons, but they attempt to attack her, making her realize that they are no longer loyal to her. After Daario and Grey Worm arrest a member of the Sons of the Harpy, Mossador implores Daenerys to execute their captive, but Barristan tells her of the Mad King's actions against his enemies, which included burning them with wildfire while laughing. He asks her not to execute the captive without a fair trial, and she agrees with him. Mossador goes against her wishes, and kills the captive Son of the Harpy. Daenerys has him publicly executed, which leads a riot to break out between the old masters and the freed slaves. At night, Daenerys finds that Drogon has returned, but when she tries to touch his face, he flies away. Soon afterward, a group of Unsullied patrolling the streets of Meereen are stoppedd by a crying woman who points them to an alleyway. The Unsullied head in to investigate, but it is revealed that the entire affair was a set up after they are soon cornered by a group of the Sons of the Harpy. The Unsullied attempt to fight back, but the Sons of the Harpy kill many of them. Barristan Selmy sees the commotion and tries to help, killing many of the Sons of the Harpy, but gets badly wounded, and dies. Grey Worm also sustains serious but nonfatal injuries. Daenerys is furious after learning what has happened to Barristan, and rounds up the leaders of the great Meereenese houses. She takes them into the catacombs where she randomly has one of them shoved forward. The Meereenese lord is promptly killed by dragonfire from Rhaegal, and he and Viserion eat him. Daenerys then has all the lords arrested, including her former adviser Hizdahr zo Loraq, whom she decides to marry to win over the Meereenese nobles. To respect the culture of the area, she agrees to have the fighting pits reinstated (she had previously declined due to her distaste for killing for sport). Hizdahr convinces Daenerys to go to one of the pits to see the contestants battling over who will go to the final competition. Daenerys is sickened by the bloodshed, and gets up to leave, but her attention is turned by one masked competitor who defeats all of the other competitors without killing any of them. This competitor turns out to be Jorah Mormont, who is trying to win over Daenerys' favor after being banished. Daenerys orders the Unsullied to take him away, but Jorah announces that he has brought her a gift, and Tyrion Lannister reveals himself to Daenerys. After a round of questioning, Daenerys banishes Jorah once again, but takes Tyrion on as her adviser. On the great opening of Daznak's Pit, Jorah resurfaces as a voluntary contender on the arena, but Daenerys refuses to stop the games to spare his life. Jorah eventually prevails and saves her life by impaling with his spear an attacker from the Sons of the Harpy, who appear in legions and attack Daenerys' guards. Cornered at the midst of the arena, defeat seems immediate when Drogon returns, killing many Sons of the Harpy despite being wounded by several of their spears. Daenerys manages to rekindle their bond and climbs his back, riding off into the distance to a stunned crowd. She roams the Great Steppe north of the city, where Drogon seems reluctant to obey her commands or even hunt for food. Strolling about on her own, Daenerys is faced with an incoming Dothraki khalasar of great numbers, after dropping a ring to the ground to leave a trail she is surrounded.","tags": ["targaryen","dothraki","khaleesi"]}
{"create": {"_index": "game_of_thrones","_type": "character","_id": "Sansa Stark"}}
{"house": "Stark","gender": "female","age":25,"biography": "Sansa Stark is the first daughter and second child of Eddard and Catelyn Stark. She was also the future bride of Prince Joffrey, and thus the future Queen of the Seven Kingdoms as well. Her direwolf is called Lady, she is the smallest of the pack. Sansa is naive and wants to live the life of a fairy tale princess and is unwilling to see the harsh realities of the kingdom's politics and rivalries. Her fantasy begins to shatter when Lady is killed, and the situation continues to worsen when her father is arrested for treason. She becomes a hostage to the Lannisters in order for them to have a legitimate claim for the North. Her naivete is finally shattered when King Joffrey executes her father despite promising her that he would spare him. Sansa is forced to put up an act or endure Joffrey's cruelty. Throughout Season 2, she suffers under Joffrey's abuse until Tyrion puts a stop to it. By the Season 2 finale, Joffrey breaks his engagement with Sansa to marry Margaery Tyrell. However, she is still a hostage; but Petyr Baelish promises to help her return to Winterfell. In Season 3, she is married to Tyrion to secure the Lannisters the North should Robb Stark die. The marriage is unhappy and yet to be consummated, and after Robb's death – upon which Joffrey insists to be given his head to present to Sansa, a request coldly ignored by his grandfather – she is unable to speak to him. In Season 4, Sansa has been mourning her family for weeks and is starving herself in depression. She attends Joffrey's wedding with Tyrion and witnesses Joffrey's death. Dontos Hollard immediately spirits her away from the wedding, moments ahead of Cersei's orders to have her and Tyrion arrested. Dontos brings Sansa to a ship concealed in fog, and she is greeted by Petyr Baelish. Under the guise of making payment, Petyr has the fool killed by his archers, with Petyr explaining that killing Dontos was the only way to ensure his silence - her disappearance when Joffrey died, the execution of her father, deaths of her family and years of torment at the king's hand, will all be considerable motive for Sansa helping Tyrion murder Joffrey. Currently, a thousand of the City Watch are searching for her, Cersei thirsts for vengeance, and Tyrion himself stands trial. Sansa is assured she has finally escaped King's Landing and is safe with Lord Baelish, who takes her to her Aunt Lysa for shelter. Lysa takes Sansa in warmly and has her betrothed to her son, Robin. However, Sansa realises the worst is far from over when Lysa, who is smitten with Petyr, accuses Sansa of trying to seduce him, and she discovers that Robin is a spoiled and rude child, slapping him at one point. When Petyr unexpectedly kisses Sansa, Lysa becomes enraged and nearly pushes Sansa through the castle's Moon Door, but Petyr intervenes by pacifying Lysa and then pushing her through the Moon Door to her death before Sansa's eyes, making Sansa realise that Petyr may have romantic or lustful feelings for her. Sansa speaks up for Petyr when he is questioned about his involvement in Lysa's death, but Sansa reaffirms Petyr's claim that Lysa killed herself due to her own instability and insecurities. Afterward she told Petyr that her reason to protect him in the hearing was because she knew he was the only person she could count on to protect her, demonstrated by his initiative in getting her out of King's Landing while everyone else in power there only wanted to use her as a pawn. In Season 5, she and Petyr leave the Eyrie for a place Petyr promises where Cersei will never find her. At an In, Brienne of Tarth materializes unexpectedly and declares herself for Sansa. Petyr doubts that Sansa would want a sworn shield who let both of her previous masters die, even when Brienne reveals the true, somewhat unbelievable circumstances of Renly's death. Sansa seems inclined to agree, pointing out that Brienne was present at Joffrey's wedding, to which the warrior replies that neither of them wanted to be there. Sansa rejects Brienne's offer of service and watches as she handily defeats the guards and escapes. Petyr tells her that he has arranged for her to be married to Ramsay Bolton, the son of Lord Roose Bolton. This will put her back in Winterfell, which the Boltons now occupy as a reward for their role in the deaths of Robb and Catelyn. Though Ramsay initially seems interested in Sansa, his psychopathic nature quickly shows through, and Sansa is disgusted. She is also antagonized by Myranda, the kennelmaster's daughter, who is in a sexual relationship with Ramsay. Myranda frequently makes veiled threats to Sansa, and shows her what has become of Theon Greyjoy, who was Eddard Stark's ward and whom she grew up with. Sansa is horrified to find that after Ramsay emasculated him, he has taken on a submissive, sullen persona called Reek. After Sansa and Ramsay are wed, he brutally rapes her while forcing Reek to watch. Later, Sansa attempts to talk to Reek, who is unresponsive to her attempts to make him act like his old self by repeatedly calling him Theon instead of Reek. At one point, Reek mistakenly lets slip that her younger brothers, Bran and Rickon, are alive, when she had assumed that they were dead. This realization gives Sansa hope in the midst of her unfortunate situation. As Stannis Baratheon's army sneaks up on Winterfell and is greeted by the bulk of the Bolton forces, Sansa manages to escape her chamber but is stopped by Myranda, who threatens her with a bow. Reminding Sansa that she has nothing left to live for in Ramsay's custody, she is unexpectedly saved by Reek, who breaks his spell of subjugation by throwing Myranda over the bannister. In terror, the couple flees to the wall, where they make the jump off the ledge.","tags": ["stark","wife","dead father"]}
{"create": {"_index": "game_of_thrones","_type": "character","_id": "Bran Stark"}}
{"house": "Stark","gender": "male","age":11,"biography": "Brandon Bran Stark is the second son and fourth child of Eddard and Catelyn Stark. He was named after his deceased uncle, Brandon. His dire wolf is called Summer. During the King's visit to Winterfell, he accidentally came across Cersei and Jaime Lannister engaging in sex, following which Bran is shoved from the window by Jaime, permanently crippling his legs. An assassin tries to kill Bran, but Summer, the direwolf companion, kills the assassin. Bran, when he awakens, finds that he is crippled from the waist down, forced to be carried everywhere by Hodor, and he cannot remember the events immediately before his fall. Slowly, he realizes that he has gained the ability to assume Summer's consciousness, making him a warg or a skinchanger. After his older brother, Robb, is crowned King in the North, Bran becomes Robb's heir and the Lord of Winterfell. After Theon Greyjoy captures Winterfell, Bran goes into hiding. To cement his claim on Winterfell, Theon kills two orphan boys and tells the people of Winterfell that Bran, and his younger brother Rickon Stark, are dead. After Theon's men betray him and Winterfell is sacked, Bran, Rickon, Hodor, Osha and their direwolves head north to find his older brother Jon Snow for safety. They ultimately stumble upon Jojen and Meera Reed, two siblings who aid them in their quest. After coming close to the wall, Osha departs with Rickon for Last Hearth while Bran insists on following his visions beyond the Wall. He also encounters Sam and Gilly, who tries to persuade him not to, but Bran claims it is his destiny and leaves through the gate with Hodor and the Reeds. Along the way, Bran and the others stumble across Craster's Keep, where they are captured and held hostage by the Night's Watch mutineers led by Karl. Night's Watch rangers led by Jon eventually attack Craster's Keep to kill the mutineers, but Locke, a new recruit but secretly a spy for Roose Bolton, attempts to take Bran away and kill him elsewhere. Bran wargs into Hodor and kills Locke by snapping his neck, but Bran and his group are forced to continue on their journey without alerting Jon, whom Jojen claims would stop them. They eventually reach the three-eyed raven in a cave, who claims he cannot restore Bran's legs, but will make him fly instead.","tags": ["stark","disable","crow"]}
{"create": {"_index": "game_of_thrones","_type": "character","_id": "Ramsay Bolton"}}
{"house": "Bolton","gender": "male","age":23,"biography": "The illegitimate son of Roose Bolton, Ramsay Snow is cruel, sadistic and very cunning. After the Ironborn captures Winterfell, he marches on the castle's token garrison and offers it safe passage for surrender; after the gates are opened, he captures Theon and flays the other defenders. At the Dreadfort, Theon is put through gruesome physical and psychological torture on Ramsay's instigation, though he himself watches in guise of a cleaning boy. He helps Theon Greyjoy escape from captivity, claiming to be a servant of Theon's sister, Yara, and promises to help him reach her, but ends up only leading Theon back to his original place of imprisonment to taunt him further. He tortures Theon by flaying his fingers and forces him to beg to have them cut off. He ultimately emasculates him and has his manhood sent in a box to the Iron Islands to press Balon to evacuate the North, suggesting he could dismember Theon slowly and send him home in boxes if his demands are not met. He forces Theon to become his new servant, who is now called Reek, and beats him until he accepts the name. In Season 4, Ramsay along with his now slave servant, Reek, hunt down a servant girl named Tansy. Ramsay hunts her for sport and in the end feeds her to his dogs (bastards girls). Ramsay has followed his father in pledging loyalty to the Lannisters, and remains Acting Lord of the Dreadfort until Roose and his men arrive (having been smuggled back into the North to avoid the Ironborn). Ramsay warmly greets his father, new stepmother Fat Walda Frey, and friend Locke, but he is chastised by his father for torturing Theon, who would have proved a valuable hostage. Roose enlists his son in his plans to reconquer the North from the invading Ironborn - his father assigns Ramsay, Reek and what men Ramsay has to capture Moat Cailin from the Ironborn, in exchange for Roose considering legitimizing Ramsay as a full member of his family, a prospect that delights Ramsay. When Yara and some Ironborn killers attack the Dreadfort and attempt to take Theon, Ramsay confronts her in the dungeons and sets the hounds on her, forcing her to flee without Theon, who refused to go with her believing it was another trick of Ramsay's, and too broken and frightened to take the risk. As a reward for Theon's loyalty, Ramsay gives him a bath, bathing Theon himself, and asks for his help in taking Moat Cailin. Ramsay sends Reek into Moat Cailin with a peace banner and a letter promising safe passage to the Stoney Shore. Reek pretends to be his former self, Theon Greyjoy, and convinces the ironborn to surrender. Ramsay breaks his promise and flays the Ironborn living and displays their bodies on stakes. As a reward, Ramsay is legitimized by his father and takes the name, Ramsay Bolton, discarding the surname Snow for good. Ramsay and the rest of the Bolton forces then march on towards Winterfell, the Boltons' new home. To solidify their claim for legitimacy, he is provided Sansa Stark as a suitable bride, who he promises never to harm before Baelish, but nevertheless brutally rapes her on their wedding night. He later skins a woman alive for attempting to light a candle in the high tower of Winterfell, which would signal to Brinne (waiting in the village outside the walls) that Sansa was in need of rescue. At the battle of Winterfell between Baratheon and Bolton forces, he rides out to greet Stannis, destroying his army and killing most of his men but meanwhile, Reek rebels against his master and kills his lover, Myranda, escaping with Sansa in the process.","tags": ["bolton","sansa stark","bastard","snow"]}
{"create": {"_index": "game_of_thrones","_type": "character","_id": "Jon Snow"}}
{"house": "Stark","gender": "male","age":19,"biography": "Jon Snow is the bastard son of Ned Stark who joins the Night's Watch. Jon is a talented fighter, but his sense of compassion and justice brings him into conflict with his harsh surroundings. Ned claims that Jon's mother was a wet nurse named Wylla. His dire wolf is called Ghost due to his albinism and quiet nature. Jon soon learns that the Watch is no longer a glorious order, but is now composed mostly of society's rejects, including criminals and exiles. Initially, he has only contempt for his low-born brothers of the Watch, but he puts aside his prejudices and befriends his fellow recruits, especially Sam Tarly, after they unite against the cruel master-at-arms. He chooses to take his vows before the Old God of the North, and to his disappointment he is made steward to Lord Commander Jeor Mormont rather than a ranger. He eventually realizes that he is being groomed for command. He saves Mormont's life by slaying a wight, a corpse resurrected by the White Walkers. In return, he receives Longclaw, the ancestral blade of House Mormont. When Eddard is arrested for treason, Jon is torn between his family and his vows. After Eddard's execution, he tries to join Robb's army but is convinced to come back by his friends. Shortly after, he joins the large force Mormont leads beyond the Wall. Jon is part of a small scouting party in Season 2. When the party is overtaken by wildlings, Jon is ordered to appear to defect and join the wildlings so he can discover their plans. On affirming his loyalty to the King-Beyond-the-Wall, Mance Rayder, he travels toward the Wall with the wildlings and is seduced by one, the flame-haired Ygritte. Upon crossing the wall, he refuses to behead a farmer whose escape might alert the Night's Watch of their coming, and is subsequently branded an enemy of the wildlings. Ygritte shields him from her comrades but ultimately confronts and injures Jon when he stops to drink. He manages to escape back to the wall, injured by three arrows, where he reunites with his comrades and informs the commanders of Mance Rayder's plans. Jon subsequently resumes his training at the Wall and suggests an expedition to Craster's Keep in order to kill the Night's Watch mutineers who may tell Mance of the Wall's weak defences if caught. Jon's request is granted and he bands together a group of rangers to aid him, among them the new recruit Locke, who has actually come to kill Jon on Roose Bolton's orders. Jon successfully attacks Craster's Keep and kills the mutineers, while Locke is killed by Hodor during an attempt to kill Bran, who was captive at Craster's Keep. However, Jon's proposal to barricade the entrance to Castle Black to stop the wildlings from entering is denied. He survives the wildling attack on Castle Black, personally killing Styr and taking Tormund Giantsbane prisoner. In the aftermath, he departs Castle Black to hunt down Mance Rayder, giving his sword to Sam. He quickly locates Mance on the pretence of parleying, but he is found out. Before he is killed, however, Jon is saved by the timely arrival by Stannis Baratheon, who places Mance and his men under arrest, and accompanies Jon back to Castle Black. Jon later burns Ygritte's body in the woods. In Season 5, Stannis attempts to use Jon as an intermediary between himself and Mance, hoping to rally the wildling army to help him retake the North from Roose Bolton and gain Jon's support in avenging his family. Jon fails to convince Mance, and when Mance is burned at the stake by Stannis' red priestess Melisandre, Jon shoots him from afar to give him a quick death. After that Jon is chastised by Stannis for showing mercy to Mance. Stannis shows Jon a letter he received from Bear Island, stating that former Lord Commander Jeor Mormont's relatives will only recognize a Stark as their King. Ser Davos tells Jon that the Night's Watch will elect a new Lord Commander that night, and that it is almost assured that Ser Alliser will win. Stannis asks Jon to kneel before him and pledge his life to him, and in exchange he will legitimize Jon, making him Jon Stark, and giving him Winterfell. In the great hall, Jon tells Sam that he will refuse Stannis's offer, as he swore an oath to the Night's Watch. After Ser Alliser and Denys Mallister are announced as possible candidates, Sam gives a speech imploring his brothers to vote for Jon, reminding them all how he led the mission to Craster's Keep to avenge Commander Mormont's death and how he led the defense of Castle Black. After the voting is complete, the ballots are tallied and show a tie between Jon and Ser Alliser. Maester Aemon casts the deciding vote in favor of Jon, making him the new Lord Commander of the Night's Watch. To lessen the animosity between the two, Jon makes Ser Alliser First Ranger. Melisandre takes an interest in Jon, visiting him in his quarters and trying to have sex with him. Jon refuses, out of respect for Ygritte and his Night's Watch vows. Jon makes plans to give the wildlings the lands south of the wall, known as the gift. He wants the Night's Watch and the wildlings to unite against the threat of the White Walkers. These more liberal views are not taken well by the men of the Night's Watch, in particular Ser Alliser and a young boy named Olly, whose village was massacred by wildlings. Jon then makes a trip north of the Wall to the wildling village of Hardhome, where he hopes to get the wildlings to join his cause. However, before many of them can get on boats to leave, a massive group of White Walkers arrives on the scene. A massive battle ensues, in which many wildlings are killed. The last remaining Night's Watchmen and wildlings, including Jon, depart from Hardhome, defeated. As they return to the Wall, they are let in by Ser Alliser Thorne, who disapproves of his drastic action of joining forces with the wildlings. Shorty after, Jon sends Sam and Gilly to safety in Oldtown, approving of their relationship and Sam's motives of keeping her safe. He is later approached by Davos asking for men, and later Melisandre, whose silence confirms Stannis's defeat. That evening, Jon is met by Olly who claims that a range has arrived with knowledge of Jon's uncle Benjen. However, Jon discovers that he has been fooled and a mutinee, led by Ser Alliser Thorne, stab Jon repeatedly, with Olly dealing the final blow to Jon's heart, leaving him to die in the snow.","tags": ["stark","night's watch","brother","snow"]}
{"create": {"_index": "game_of_thrones","_type": "character","_id": "Tywin Lannister"}}
{"house": "Lannister","gender": "male","age":70,"biography": "Lord of Casterly Rock, Shield of Lannisport and Warden of the West, Tywin is a calculating, ruthless, and controlling man. He is also the former Hand of King Aerys II. He is the father of Cersei, Jaime, and Tyrion. After Eddard Stark's arrest, Joffrey names him Hand of the King once more, but after Jaime is taken captive by the Starks, Eddard is unexpectedly executed by Joffrey, and Renly and Stannis Baratheon challenge Joffrey's claim to the throne; Tywin elects to remain in the field commanding his forces until he wins his war, and in the meantime gives the position of Hand of the King to Tyrion. Tywin continues the war through Season 2 at Harrenhal where he criticizes his commanders for losing and underestimating the Stark army led by King Robb Stark. While there, he forms an unlikely friendship with his cup bearer, unaware that she is actually Arya Stark. Originally, he was about to attack Robb's forces while they are distracted by the Greyjoys seizing Winterfell, but changes his mind and helps the defenders of King's Landing drive Stannis Baratheon's forces away. He assumes his position of Hand of the King once again and arranges for Joffrey to marry Margaery Tyrell to secure an alliance between the Lannisters and Tyrells. In the third season, as Hand of the King, he fortifies his position as de facto leader of the Seven Kingdoms, and he successfully defeats Robb Stark, the King in the North, by forging an alliance with the lords Frey and Bolton, who betray and kill Stark and his men. The crown subsequently pardons and rewards them with Riverrun and the North, respectively, though Tywin is criticized by Tyrion for winning the war through such an unscrupulous scheme. He also has to deal with an increasingly belligerent Joffrey, who chides his grandfather as a coward who hid under Casterly Rock while Robert Baratheon led the rebellion against Aerys Targaryen, and complicated relations with his children as he forces them into marriage alliances with Sansa Stark and Loras Tyrell, to secure the support of the Tyrells and Lannister dominion in the North (now Sansa's heirdom, as all her brothers are presumed dead). In the fourth season, Tywin is present at the royal wedding where Joffrey dies, and has King's Landing closed off to prevent Sansa from escaping (although she escapes with help from Petyr Baelish and Dontos Hollard). He grooms Joffrey's younger brother, Tommen, to becoming the new King, and appears determined to make sure Tommen becomes a much better King than Joffrey was. The presence of Prince Oberyn Martell of Dorne poses a new problem, however, as he resurfaces the Martell–Lannister antagonism over the rape and murder of his sister Elia by Gregor The Mountain Clegane during the Robert's Rebellion; Oberyn believes the deed was done on Tywin's order. Tywin denies the allegations and promises Oberyn justice in exchange for Oberyn serving as one of the judges at Tyrion's trial. At the trial, when several supposed witnesses give false statements regarding Tyrion's supposed guilt, Tywin promises Jaime in private that if Tyrion is found guilty and pleads for mercy, he will exile him to the Night's Watch but only if Jaime ceases to be a Kinsguard and takes his place as heir to House Lannister. However, Tyrion loses his composure, lashes out at Tywin and demands a trial by combat, to Tywin's anger. When Tyrion's champion, Oberyn, loses the fight and is killed, Tywin sentences his son to death. Later, when Jamie helps Tyrion escape, Tyrion discovers that Tywin was having an affair with Shae, Tyrion's former lover, who falsely testified against him at his trial. Tywin is ambushed by Tyrion while in a privy, wielding Joffrey's crossbow. Tywin attempts to reason with Tyrion, swearing that he would never have had him executed, but also – upon Tyrion showing regret for Shae's death – taunts him as afraid of a dead whore. In rage, Tyrion shoots Tywin twice in the chest, killing him. His body is discovered shortly afterwards, and a grand funeral is held in the Sept of Baelor. As revealed by Davos Seaworth, he was 67 years old. Tywin's death heralds instability in the Seven Kingdoms, with the arrival of the Sparrows in the capital, and rivalry rising between Cersei, who aspires to her father's position but lacks many of his statesmanlike qualities, and the Tyrells. The Boltons also lose the potential Lannister military support just when they are faced with Stannis Baratheon planning to take Winterfell on his way to the Iron Throne.","tags": ["lannister","father"]}
{"create": {"_index": "game_of_thrones","_type": "character","_id": "Joffrey Baratheon"}}
{"house": "Baratheon","gender": "male","age":14,"biography": "Joffrey Baratheon is the Crown Prince of the Seven Kingdoms. He is the eldest of Cersei Lannister's children and heir to the Iron Throne. Vicious and cruel, he has a short temper and believes he can do anything he wants. He is also a coward when confronted by those who aren't afraid of him. Joffrey is also unaware that King Robert is not his real father - who, in reality, is Jaime Lannister. After Robert's death, the Lannisters make Joffrey the King against his father's will, and Joffrey becomes a cruel ruler and a Puppet King used by his mother. Joffrey makes a mistake when, against Cersei's and Sansa's wishes, he refuses to honor his promise of sparing Ned; instead, Joffrey has him executed. His act worsens the situation with the Lannisters' war effort as Jaime is captured by the Starks and his uncles Renly and Stannis have challenged his claim to the Iron Throne. He frequently orders his Kingsguard to beat Sansa. His cruelty and ignorance of the commoners' suffering makes him unpopular after he orders the City Watch to kill all of his father's bastard children in King's Landing which would later lead to a riot where he is almost killed. When Stannis attacks King's Landing, Joffrey serves only as a figurehead and avoids the heavy fighting. When the battle eventually turns in Stannis' favor, Cersei calls her son into the safety of the castle, damaging the morale of his army. The battle is only won by his grandfather Tywin and the forces of House Tyrell. To cement the alliance between their families, Joffrey's engagement to Sansa is annulled so he can marry Margaery Tyrell. Upon the end of Season 3, the marriage is yet to take place, and rifts are growing between Joffrey and his uncle and grandfather, who are (in their respective ways) rebutting his cruelty. He also seems to take little interest in his bride, but is amazed and altered by her ways of winning the people's favor, in which he takes part. In Season 4, Joffrey finally marries Margaery, but he dies at the wedding after being poisoned, and his uncle Tyrion is accused and arrested. It is confirmed, however, he was poisoned by Olenna Tyrell, with assistance from Petyr Baelish and Dontos Hollard, as she wanted to protect Margaery from the physical and emotional abuse that Joffrey had very clearly inflicted on Sansa. Olenna later confides to Margaery that she would never have let her marry that beast. Following Joffrey's funeral, his younger brother and heir, Tommen, is crowned King.","tags": ["baratheon","lannister","king"]}
{"create": {"_index": "game_of_thrones","_type": "character","_id": "Robb Stark"}}
{"house": "Stark","gender": "male","age":22,"biography": "Robb Stark is the eldest son of Eddard and Catelyn Stark and the heir to Winterfell. His dire wolf is called Grey Wind. Robb becomes involved in the war against the Lannisters after his father, Ned Stark, is arrested for treason. Robb summons his bannermen for war against House Lannister and marches to the Riverlands. Eventually, crossing the river at the Twins becomes strategically necessary. To win permission to cross, Robb agrees to marry a daughter of Walder Frey, Lord of the Twins. Robb leads the war effort against the Lannisters and successfully captures Jaime. After Ned is executed, the North and the Riverlands declare their independence from the Seven Kingdoms and proclaim Robb as their new King, The King in The North. He wins a succession of battles in Season 2, earning him the nickname the Young Wolf. However, he feels that he botched the political aspects of war. He sends Theon to the Iron Islands hoping that he can broker an alliance with Balon Greyjoy, Theon's father. In exchange for Greyjoy support, Robb as King in the North will recognize the Iron Islands' independence. He also sends his mother Catelyn to deal with Stannis Baratheon and Renly Baratheon, both of whom are fighting to be the rightful king. Theon and Catelyn fail in their missions, and Balon launches an invasion of the North. Robb falls in love with Talisa Maegyr, a healer from Volantis due to her kindness and spirit. Despite his mother's protest, Robb breaks his engagement with the Freys and marries Talisa in the 2nd season finale. On news of his grandfather, Lord Hoster Tully's, death, Robb and his party travel north to Riverrun for the funeral, where the young king is reunited with his great-uncle, Brynden Blackfish, and his uncle, Edmure Tully, the new lord of Riverrun. While at Riverrun, Robb makes the decision to execute Lord Rickard Karstark for the murders of two teenage squires related to the Lannisters, a decision that loses the support of the Karstarks and leads Robb to make the ultimately fatal decision to ask the Freys for their alliance. He is killed in the Red Wedding Massacre, after witnessing the murder of his pregnant wife and their child. Lord Bolton personally executes Robb, stabbing him through the heart while taunting that the Lannisters send their regards, in fact a promise made to Jaime (who had no knowledge of Bolton's impending treason) when leaving for the Twins. His corpse is later decapitated and Grey Wind's head is sewn on and paraded around as the Stark forces are slaughtered by the Freys and the Boltons.","tags": ["stark","king of the north"]}
{"create": {"_index": "game_of_thrones","_type": "character","_id": "Robert Baratheon"}}
{"house": "Baratheon","gender": "male","age":22,"biography": "Robert Baratheon, formerly a fierce warrior, became King of the Seven Kingdoms after leading a rebellion against Aerys II Targaryen. He was betrothed to Ned Stark's sister Lyanna and loved her deeply, and she was kidnapped by Rhaegar Targaryen. Her father and another brother were killed when they went to King's Landing to reclaim her, which resulted in Robert and Ned Stark's revolt known as Robert's Rebellion, whereupon the Targaryens were all slaughtered or routed from the Kingdoms. Since Robert's family had closer ties to the former Royal family, this put Robert on the Iron Throne. Now, Robert has grown fat and miserable; he has no more wars to fight, is surrounded by plotters and sycophants, hates and is bored by the constant work needed to manage the Kingdoms properly, and trapped in a political marriage to the scheming Cersei Lannister, whom he has never loved. He is unaware that none of his three children are his, but instead Jaime Lannister's. Under his reign, the realm has been bankrupted, and Robert is deeply in debt to his wife's family. Killed while hunting, he unknowingly leaves no rightful heir behind. His bastards are ordered dead by Joffrey, many of which are killed, and Gendry is subsequently forced to flee the capital.","tags": ["baratheon","king","dead"]}
